Germán Theler (also known as Jeremy Theler in the English-speaking world) is an Argentinian Nuclear Engineer with a strong background on development of computational tools for engineering calculations. He received both a BS and an ME in Nuclear Engineering from Instituto Balseiro in 2007 and 2008, respectively. Academic research included control of chaotic natural convection loops and non-linear analysis of instabilities in the thermo-mechanical/neutronic problem. He worked on all three Argentinian Nuclear Power plants: in the licensing and core-design team during the completion of  Atucha II, in the seismic re-qualification of Atucha I and in the analysis of fatigue in dissimilar piping welds subject to operational and incidental transients in Embalse. He developed the web-based platform for performing thermo-mechanical analysis based on the finite-element method in the cloud [CAEplex](https://www.caeplex.com)

He has been a long supporter and advocate of free and open-source software, releasing many computational tools under the GNU General Public License. Many of these tools are being used academically for teaching Reactor Physics at Instituto Balseiro. The open-source core-level neutronic code milonga has also been used in a PhD thesis at UFMG in Brazil. There are research papers in the literature where these codes were used.

As of 2021, he works at the consulting company Seamplex developing finite-elements solvers and providing consulting related to computational mechanics. On his free time, we is trying to finishing his PhD dissertation “Design and implementation of a computational tool to solve engineering problems in the cloud.”
